 
Project Workflow

Following are the important components of the project that need to be stored in the database:

    User: A user can join the website by signing up. 
        A customer needs to provide the following information at the time of sign-up, which will be stored in the database:
            First name
            Last name
            Password
            Email ID
            Mobile number
        Each user will have a wallet associated with them, which will store information on how much money the user has. This money will be used for making payments while booking the vehicles. The initial balance for every user is kept as 1,00,000.
         Any user can assume either of the following two roles: CUSTOMER or ADMIN. The role associated with each user, CUSTOMER or ADMIN, needs to be stored in the database.
         
    Vehicle: The following details of all the vehicles in the application need to be stored in the database with the following information:
        Vehicle model
        Vehicle owner (A vehicle owner is essentially a customer in the application.)
        Vehicle number
        Vehicle type (There can be two types of vehicles in our application: Car and Bike)
        Each vehicle type is further divided into subcategories:
            Car:
                Sedan
                SUV
                Hatchback
            Bike:
                Dirt bike
                Cruiser
                Sports bike
        Colour of the vehicle
        The location where the vehicle will be available for booking. The following details of the location that need to be stored in the database:
            Location name
            Complete address of the where the vehicle will be available
            City name
            Pincode
        Image of the vehicle 
        Price per hour of the vehicle
        Fuel type of the vehicle
        CNG
        Petrol
        Diesel
    Booking: Every customer books vehicles from the website based on their location as well as time. Once the customer has completed all the steps involved, the booking is confirmed and the record is stored in the database. A vehicle booking completed by any customer should contain the following information:
        Pickup date and time
        Drop-off date and time
        Booking date and time
        Booking amount 
        Location of the vehicle
        Vehicle number (The number of vehicle that has been booked)
        Customer email (The email ID of the customer who has booked the vehicle)
    Requests to the admin: The customer can perform two activities in the application apart from booking the vehicle: First, adding vehicles for rent by providing all the required vehicle details, and second, stopping the booking of vehicles by other customers.  So, there will be two types of customer activities:
        Vehicle registration by a customer
        Marking a vehicle active/inactive
        Both the activities will go as requests to the ADMIN for approval. The information regarding all the activities needs to be stored in the database with the following details:
            Activity type: The type of activity that the customer has performed among the following activities:
                Vehicle registration: When the customer wishes to add a vehicle
                Vehicle Opt IN: When the booking for the vehicle is enabled 
                Vehicle Opt OUT: When the booking for the vehicle is disabled 
        User comments: These are optional comments that a user can add to their request.
        Request status: The status of the request also needs to be captured. A request can have one of the following three statuses:
            APPROVED: When the admin approves the booking request
            REJECTED: When the ADMIN rejects the booking request
            PENDING: When any action is yet to be taken on the request
        Admin comments: The admin can also add optional comments while approving or rejecting a request.
        Vehicle number: This is the number of the vehicle for which the request has been raised.
        Vehicle owner email: A vehicle owner is essentially a customer in the application.
